Xiu Chenghai is about to come, and he is still shameless
Do you know who Mr. Ye is?
Wan Guohao, you and Ye Longyuan are in collusion
God is coming today
How dare you come out without holding your tail between your legs?
You Wan Guohao, as the president of the International Chamber of Commerce
He actually collaborated with Ye Longyuan, this waste
Just wait for the sudden death of God Lining
You Wan Guohao
retire
Xiao Chenghai, you are not arrogant in front of me yet
You are qualified
I told you your family would die today
No one can save you
Ye Longyuan
I have never met anyone as stupid as you.
Xiao Xiao admits his mistake
Wouldn't it be nice to go back to the Xiao family to inherit the family business?
Is interpretation that important to you?
Does killing your mother still matter?
I'm really glad I divorced you.
Because you don't know what's going on.
Your mother is dead
You are killing yourself now
Is he all resurrected?
Shut up tomorrow
That was your mother too
Did you kill your whole family in your eyes?
Then give you a game and everything can be solved.
I really appreciate you letting go of your face.
Because people like you don't deserve him at all